In this lesson, we learn why data schemas
are an important part of our stream processing workflow.
We saw how unplanned changes can cause serious system failures.
As we then saw, Apache Avro,
a conflict schema registry,
can be used to help ensure that schema changes occur smoothly and without error.
We also learned how schema registry can help us clue in clients to
whether or not schema changes are compatible with its backward,
forward and full compatibility settings.
The next lesson, we're going to see
how extended Apache Kafka Ecosystem tools like Kafka Connect,
and the REST Proxy can help us use Kafka in even more places.